have viewers and subscribers welcome
back to another episode of micro 13 pro
club and this time I'm going to be
showing us home epic goals celebrations
and skills of mine through photographer
player and one of my crew my group with
iron he's one of the best actually he's
a FIFA not in our team or probe
community and I really thank him for
that and I really thank him because he
helped me to make this video and a lot
actually anyway if you guys enjoy the
video please click the like button and
comment in the below I really appreciate
your subscriptions and hopefully I'll
see you guys around peace out
great chance well he has it go oh that's
us fantastic goal
kept it low
lovely composure we had a bit of
pressure on it from the defenders but he
kept his head down
he's on his way now
oh that's a wonderful block of a
finisher excellent way to lose his
marker tries his luck and they managed
this really confirms this is the chance
and he strikes ago well defended got his
body there ah he knocks and the goal
magnificent golden it has been coming
yet
picking out of passion creativity on
something light
makes a challenge here
great opportunity and he's going to
shoot off the post and back into play
that is a fantastic goal
a tribute to the build-up alum and they
weigh the chance was taken in the end
cut class yawning so I miss the ball was
easy now on the counter lighter because
people might do it right idea not quite
the right execution
he's got spray and headset and it's in
the knack for the gold
but they're leading was fantastic
situation it's just about composure now
but make himself knows he's been around
this game long enough to know that he'll
take
splendid silly penalty to give away
it's been put away yeah good challenge
good contest fantastic try and he knocks
in the gold
very difficult skill of
ebuddy Spencer
defenders on full alert here now here is
a chance for them and he lets try here
that's a brilliant goal
magnificent golden has been coming yet
a person created a chance of my good
pass great movement off the ball
oh and goes across he goes to go with
his head he's gone with a brilliant
header
he is heading for greatness this player
with heading like that brilliant gold
tan
defenders on full alert here quick ball
it stumbled a bit there but has managed
to stay on his feet
here he's gone for goal landed goal here
even better the timing yeah perfect on
to them and
might be positioned think a little bit
now
but as the danger was mounting any
stepped
on the team relying on its defenders to
keep out this dangerous looking attack
and he goes for goal with his head go
fantastic head up
good power on the cross and he stared it
in with a deft flick of the neck muscles
for Humanity ludic it mix with all stars
so much room for him now and the shots
off don't give pastor school and they
scored again
okay first game is getting worse and
worse well it's just one of those awful
days
you